hate to ask you to repeat that because
they look so pretty heartfelt he's
talked a little bit about the emotions
on the stage you know I say we got an
incredible sport here you know and I
know I start this sport and I start this
ball because i love it I train because i
love that i want to win because i love
it you know and day the problem is when
you start winning you know all that
other stuff comes you know you kind of
you know it's kind of hard to ignore you
say i'm just going to carry on log on at
work you know when this was bad things
said about okay maybe I give people
reasons sometimes to say about things i
think you know about things were you
know it's kind of hard I'm only 25 you
know in there and you know where you
kind of stop and join especially things
like yesterday you know finally look was
on my side yesterday and I like the guys
down there you know i can guarantee now
that i love 34 messages when i when i
get back with a you know yesterday at
about ten hyundai and sm ones yesterday
the matching of people who care about
you when you're down and want to pick
you up when you down in there and i got
some great people around you did that
and I got a great team around me pick me
up last night and I didn't give up and
quit givin up today but they didn't even
uba sent today and and it's such a
special thing to have to have people
like that
you know your obstacles so much pressure
on yourself and your team I spoke to
your boss Rob all day he said he doesn't
put any pressure on you most of it comes
from yourself it must be a huge relief
to get a win like this it's incredible
you know it's not really easy share but
I said in January you know where there's
going to be a hard year up till the Tour
de France with the Tour de France is
what matters and you know it has been
unlucky i think the first days for us
and put finally you know we're selling
january's about the Tour de France's
started now and there you know Justin 11
it doesn't mean we're kind of stuff here
we've got an incredible group of guys
here and death and we'll be going for
more wing to know whether it's finally
nice to get off the ground Ryan home
told us yesterday the green jersey is
impossible as he does you have to
rethink it now after today you know
obviously we were to get there the wind
started and I think we'll continue
trying with winds now you know we're
like I said look hasn't gone away but
we'll continue with a chronic whinnies
do you believe in it you will have to
see what happens now I think I still try
to get some wins it's kind of hard now
that you know it's big news when I don't
win rather than big news when I do women
that's not my hair my problem i just
want to wave and now my team wants to
win in there and we'll continue to do
that and that people can say what they
like really sir thank you